README.md, before:

# Problem

Given a `src/` directory outputting into `dist/` , `package.json#imports/exports` are mistargetted due to TS not rewriting them. This messes up type acquisition etc. while developing in `src/` or running with a TS aware runtime.

# Example solution

We will be using `tsconfig.json` for the UX when dealing with TS source.

We will be using `jsconfig.json` for the UX when dealing with TS output.

Make 2 different package.json files in `src/` and `/` and ensure declaration is emitted as shown in `tsconfig.json`.

In `src/package.json` 
* set `"name"`` for self referencial bare specified
    * set exports for imports to target `src/**` files
* set imports for imports to target `src/**` files

In `package.json`
* set `"name"` for self referencial bare specified
    * set exports for imports to target `dist/**` files
* set imports for imports to target `dist/**` files

Make a `jsconfig.json` file for tools referencing the `dist/**` and not using `tsconfig.json` like VSCode when interacting packages outside `src/`. This will be picked up when in that directory and be separate from the `tsconfig.json`.

# Issues

Self reference and imports via package.json are not picked up by JS files.

Due to being only able to resolve relative paths fully in dist:

![resolved path of dist directory relative import](./img-dist-path-known.png)

The types of imported values differ between `src/`` and `dist/` even with declaration being emitted.

![dist unable to find exported value](./img-dist-export-unknown.png)

![src able to find exported value](./img-src-export-known.png)

Commit message:

remove issues, now that jsconfig workaround found

README.md, after:

# Problem

Given a `src/` directory outputting into `dist/` , `package.json#imports/exports` are mistargetted due to TS not rewriting them. This messes up type acquisition etc. while developing in `src/` or running with a TS aware runtime.

# Example solution

We will be using `tsconfig.json` for the UX when dealing with TS source.

We will be using `jsconfig.json` for the UX when dealing with TS output.

Make 2 different package.json files in `src/` and `/` and ensure declaration is emitted as shown in `tsconfig.json`.

In `src/package.json` 
* set `"name"`` for self referencial bare specified
    * set exports for imports to target `src/**` files
* set imports for imports to target `src/**` files

In `package.json`
* set `"name"` for self referencial bare specified
    * set exports for imports to target `dist/**` files
* set imports for imports to target `dist/**` files

Make a `jsconfig.json` file for tools referencing the `dist/**` and not using `tsconfig.json` like VSCode when interacting packages outside `src/`. This will be picked up when in that directory and be separate from the `tsconfig.json`.

NOTE: without `jsconfig.json` the resolution inside of `dist/` for tooling will be incorrect.
